c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ExampleConsoleWCF.exe.config
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ExampleConsoleWCF.exe
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ExampleConsoleWCF.pdb
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Simple.OData.Client.Net40.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\Simple.OData.Client.Net40.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\obj\Release\ExampleConsoleWCF.exe
c:\users\dlistello\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\obj\Release\ExampleConsoleWCF.pdb
C:\Users\dlistello\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ExampleConsoleWCF\ExampleConsoleWCF\obj\Release\ExampleConsoleWCF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
